Hi guys.
Welcome to the game.
Asset packed.
Now in this section we are going to be mainly focussed on interior modelling and also focussing on a
level of detail and baking.
So what is all that's about then.
Well let's take one of the time level of detail.
So the idea with level of detail is that your models need to be created not just as a single high detail
model for purposes of a saving your bacon which we'll talk about in a minute and be making sure that
in the game engine the models are provided at various different levels of detail.
Yes.
So the thing can perform properly at a long distance you don't want to can't have 1000 million polygons
on it it wants to be a very simple little block.
Yes.
Yeah.
So as the model moves further away you can afford to have less detail.
And then the computer can spend less time rendering it.
So that's the idea of level of detail.
Yeah baking We'll said all about like baking is where you've you've worked your way up to a high polygon
model and you've got all of this detail in the geometry.
Well some of that detail doesn't actually need to be geometry we can bake it solidify it as an image
has a texture and then apply it to a plain surface and make that plain surface look like it's got incredible
detail on it.
It's a wonderful tool and again is optimized not only for game performance but in blend itself it improves
the render times.
Wonderful.
So these are really useful tools even if you stay inside them.
If you go outside a blender is going to be even more valuable because when you're in a real time environment
both of these things are super vital.
So how's the section laid out Mike.
What are they going to do in terms of building these models are they going to start with a high detail
model and then go down although it is quite easy for you guys to hop in and we'll go into this much
deeper to really focus on these high detail model and that can take hours and hours of work.
What's more important like we've done in all the other sections is to have a place holder in place so
the right size dimensions and overall shape and then build upon that detail and we'll be really focussing
on that making sure it's very much a lean process and not wasting time.
So I said earlier that is going to save your bacon if we think about level of detail the reason is this
you're being contracted by a client to make something say it's a chair or so for whatever let's say
a sofa and they ask you to make a sofa.
If you make a high high poly model of that sofa and show it to them and they don't like it you've just
wasted days weeks who knows.
So you do get a simple place holder for a sofa takes minutes.
Yes.
To get the next level of detail up a little bit more could take tens of minutes maybe now and take the
next level of detail could take days and then maybe weeks to really finish it off right.
So what we want you to do is be sure that the thing is going to be used.
So we want you to provide your client whoever that might be with a model that is low in simple detail.
Get their feedback.
Yes.
Then spend more time.
And then if there is ways to minimize that waste we don't want wasted time.
We've already got enough time waiting for things to render.
I don't want to waste time modelling as well.
So this part of the Course is currently early access and what that means is it is subject to change
and we very highly value your guy's feedback.
So just in the discussions anything you want to say you'll have a bit of a chance to steer the direction
of this section you might be wondering by the way why there's a Gothics Gothic chirked section below
this part of the course that section is going to disappear from the course a few in a few weeks time.
It's just there because it is older content that's being replaced with this section.
Mike is going to be adding videos how many a week Mike are you going to be adding to this section at
least 10 a week.
So I'm likely going to add 10 videos a week to this section just stay in this section keep consuming
it keep watching it and it's going to be great.
OK guys let's dive in the blender.
He always says that when I say hop on over each.
That's true.